First check the kubelet versions again:

oc get nodes \
  -o custom-columns='NAME:.metadata.name,KUBELET:.status.nodeInfo.kubeletVersion'

You should probably see:

2 nodes   v1.33.13
7 nodes   v1.32.13

plus any other nodes already upgraded depending on how far MCO has progressed.

Then check:

oc get mcp master worker

If the worker MCP is still UPDATING=True, MCO is working through those remaining nodes one at a time.

The likely next blocker

The remaining stale pods are:

dynakube-oneagent-4d5v9   -> 133
dynakube-oneagent-b55s8   -> 132
dynakube-oneagent-g42fj   -> 152
dynakube-oneagent-gnfpt   -> 153
dynakube-oneagent-mtk9w   -> 145
dynakube-oneagent-qbkrw   -> 150
dynakube-oneagent-v6rxq   -> 134

All seven were already in Succeeded with the same old deletion timestamp.

And your MCO log had already moved on to trying to evict dynakube-oneagent-qbkrw on another worker.

So if you have not yet cleaned up those remaining seven stale pod objects, I would do that now.

Because we've already confirmed they are stale and terminating, use:

for p in $(oc get pods -n dynatrace -o name | grep dynakube-oneagent); do
  echo "Force deleting stale $p"
  oc delete -n dynatrace "$p" --grace-period=0 --force
done

Then verify:

oc get pods -n dynatrace -o wide | grep dynakube-oneagent

Ideally none of the old 65-day/16-day pods remain.

Then watch the upgrade
watch -n 15 'oc get mcp master worker'

and in another terminal:

watch -n 15 "oc get nodes -o custom-columns='NAME:.metadata.name,KUBELET:.status.nodeInfo.kubeletVersion'"

You should see more nodes transition:

v1.32.13 -> v1.33.13

As that happens, the kube-apiserver warning should decrease from:

7 nodes

to:

6
5
4
...
0
About the other console warnings

The authentication and openshift-apiserver degradation:

1 of 3 requested instances unavailable

is something I'd expect to clear once the control-plane rollout fully settles. I would not touch OAuth/API pods manually yet.

The OLM warning is also not blocking this 4.20 upgrade. The screenshot explicitly says:

blocking minor version upgrades to 4.21.0 or higher

because Logging 6.3.4 supports up to OCP 4.20. That becomes something to fix before 4.21, not right now.

The machine-config operator still showing 4.19.40 is also consistent with the MachineConfig pools not being fully completed yet.

Check CLI rather than trusting the console banner

After cleaning up the remaining stale Dynatrace pods, run:

oc get clusterversion
oc get mcp master worker
oc get co authentication openshift-apiserver kube-apiserver machine-config
oc get nodes \
  -o custom-columns='NAME:.metadata.name,KUBELET:.status.nodeInfo.kubeletVersion'

Paste those four outputs. Those will tell us much more accurately than the web-console page whether the upgrade is actively progressing or has hit another blocker.




for p in $(oc get pods -n dynatrace -o name | grep dynakube-oneagent); do
  echo "Deleting stale pod $p"
  oc delete -n dynatrace "$p" --grace-period=0 --force
done
